docs(README): clarify usage (#213)
twitter-together/action: README.md

## Setup

> Unless you wish to contribute to this project, you don't need to fork this repository. Instead, complete the following steps within your own new or existing GitHub respositry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unless you wish to contribute to this project, you don't need to fork this repository. Instead, you can make use of this GitHub Action from the comfort of your own repository (either a new one, or one you already have) by creating a GitHub Actions workflow following these steps:
```

Author: Very good!
